 Do you know how to check for response time in swagger page , no never worked on swagger  How is ApI testing connected to Database ? , api gets the data or update the data from database and do some manipulation  Which world time zone , IST  thank you, can you pls explain more how to check the logs , This u need to ask to app dev  / or api dev that where do we save logs  I have basic knowledge of SQL Queries. Any reason for this ? , without db knowledge api knowledge is in compelte  S, please use Newman or supertest. , Let me know if u need further assistance 😊  Backend framework? Please name , Django
ExpressJS
Flask  There are some paid tools available. For that and you can also test using free vpn softwares , Install vpn and choose the country you will come to know that site is accessible or not in that country  How much time does it take to learn java for software testing , 2 months  How much time does it take to learn java for software testing , Why dont u try python .. for me its much easier for beginner  Why dont u try python .. for me its much easier for beginner , yea , You should go for python , its easy to understand  Which course on udemy please help me , manual testing  What challenges did you faced after testing training, and after getting a job , It takes bit of time for getting a job it depends company to company they may ask you that why you have not done mtech, mca, bca etc you have to handle this answer and challenges are their in this industry to keep in growing we need to keep on learning  Suppose if we use get request we wont send body that time how server responds back , Well in most of the case we dont need the content type for Get request  Can you share the link of today session , sry didnt recorded  At what time we have session daily???? , it was just once not on daily basis  Can manual tester apply? , Yes for the exp level of 1-1.9 years segment should have knowledge of automation not necessary having hands on  java t, software qa testing etc , Not for studying for practising  I am having 3+year exp in manual testing, can you please refer me ? , Sure  So in ur automation script its showing add new user for 1st 6 secs? , yes  Automation what ? UI or API ? .. or any particular like selenium / UAT etc ? , Selenium using Java  Do u help me.
I need exp certificate. Can u arrange me , I dont have my own company  Location please? , Pune  Can 2.3yrs exp apply? , I am not sure Anshul... 

Its clearly mention 0.6-2  Can I apply...I have experience in web application , Sure  what is it, can you provide source to know about it , ['It’s a next gen xpath tool and it’s standard solution for xpath and selectors. Its the highest rated free browser extension. Please find all details here.\n\n', {'type': 'link', 'text': 'https://selectorshub.com/'}, '']  what is it, can you provide source to know about it , And it's an easy to use tool we can say an advance version of chropath, baanki to Sanjay sir have already told 🤘  How much fee? , Rs 3000  Its difficult to take print out and scan from shops in this lockdown. , Check for possibility  Hello sir I know how to write test cases , Can you give me overview  What is the rule mam ? , ['U can google it . ', {'type': 'mention', 'text': '@beforemethod'}, ', ', {'type': 'mention', 'text': '@test'}, ',', {'type': 'mention', 'text': '@aftermethod'}, ', @beforètest, ', {'type': 'mention', 'text': '@aftertest'}, '']  If I can learn automation via online tutorials would that be enough? , yes that  is enough to learn but you wont be consider as an experienced but it will give you the opportunity to switch profile into automation  What's is the requirments skills , Job description available in the link  Anybody got any suggestion? , I don't think it's relevant to this group, you can try asking in some other group.  What type of questions were asked in online assessment test? Pls guide 🙏 , Yes pls provide as  No need to SQl for testing , depends on the requirements  for which location? , Banglore  For which location and company name , Company is Cognizant and it is PAN india  Hi...I want to for these jobs but why it is showing session timed out... can someone help please , Close and click again  What they wil do??? , Security purposes  What they wil do??? , Certified ethical hacker  I dont think we have someone who provides it here. , Okay  Which company  is this for ?? , Atos syntel  Interested. Please let me know the contact details. , I have an experience with selenium, rest assured, postman, Jira, Agile  Is Automation Testing in current requirement? Can you tell me if possible? , it varies from company to company  Then how much we will get bro , ['Depends on your capabilities and knowledge and presentation as well... There is no limit... Can expect 2 ', {'type': 'bot_command', 'text': '/3'}, '  times the experience or even more']  Then how much we will get bro , depnds on the company budget as it varies from company to company  Yes ofcourse why not are you asking about fake or guinue experience? , No I mean genuine and strong 2 year experience in Automation Testing but absolutely NO experience in manual testing.  What happens if it is fake? 😀 , If It's fake then you should be quite otherwise you will fall under your own trap 😄  Which company , Prevaj Consultant pvt ltd  Which location? , Chennai  Please send me , postman itself provides some free collection  How much experience you are in to manual testing? , Sir,I have 1.6 years of experience and looking for job change  Please sent me your updated resume , Any vacancy for 2 years experience in manual testing  For which location?? , Permanent work from Home  For how much yrs of exp and what job level , Depends on company  When is ur joining bro ? , Monday  which company , Cedcoss mainly they are hiring from up state  Sir can u plz help on manual testinf , Sure bhai  Can I share my resume now
Please confirm me , Yes you can. I think they opened referrral again  Hi..Selenium test resource available..can u throw more light , My domain is banking  Can u pls send me ur resume ,if i come across Any openings for freshers I ll refer , sent  From where did u learn this selenium ?

As I'm 2021 passedout and I'm fresher , You can learn from youtube  How can we apply on this? , Refer comments section or Community Tab of video  I'm currently working as ETL tester
Can I switch to automation testing?
And can I do it? , yes you can  Lot of jobs...

You Learn from Which institute ? , TestLeaf  Lot of jobs...

You Learn from Which institute ? , Manual testing learn myself from online tutorials
But automation testing I learn from Indore  Which location , chennai  For which role? , Qa or I am open to go for product owner role too  Asked but she is busy and tell I don't hve time.. , this is not the right excuse she is telling you .. if she is getting time to review your test case then she must have time to guide u as well  Hie can anybody help on this? , it means you are not shortlisted  How many years of experience? , 2 to 5  Same I m fresher 0 experience in manual testing still I can get job or I hv to learn something? , Yes  I hv experience in spring boot . Can I apply , Yes  Yes Please , I'm facing one issue  I'm not getting auto suggestions for sendkeys, clear and click methods , That depends on the IDE that you are using... I observed it in VS too  Which language? C# or Java? , Java  There's is a probation period of 6 months ..so how can i handle , That should be considered before applying and getting the job  Can you please share details on the questions asked , Help me too  Which language C# or java ? , Java  Only for experience candidates? , Yes  Which company , Sunquest information systems  Can you pls tell me from where you have learnt api and appium testing , Udemy  Yes interested please send your contact number , Referrals provided for Accenture. Dm if not applied before and having 2.5+ years of experience  Select employee_name from employee where employee_name like 'a%r' , It's right  Which city u r looking for , Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune.  What is this can any one tell me , System.setProperty have something wrong  For which location , Bengaluru  For which location? , Bangalore, 2d - wfh, 3d office  I need support bro 
Please help , Chat with personal  Please share mail 
I have interest , Messaged you  How many yrs experience you have and Role?? , 4.5 (selenium cucumber-BDD + API Postman & RestAssured)  Which yr pqssouts and need any experience , passed out:2021 
 I am freshers  Freshers vacancies , Experience 2 to 4 years  Can u suggest some websites please , If you are a beginner you can go with Google. If you are a intermediate, you can go with Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal.  I can work for.... Angular. , Send your resume  Can I get Pune as a location , We have work from home option...so that can be done  Java? , No C#  You can check Qspiders , Qspider is offline mode  Which website , Toolsqa  I have 2.7 year experience In selenium with core java plz refer me in ur organization , Will check n let u know  how many lakhs you take from candidate? , For fresher 2L and for experienced 2.5L they will charge  how much exp? , 3+ exp i hv  Rowdy : Whats your educational background ?whats your total exp? , Electrical engineer 4 months exp in testing  Can you be more specific about  UFT? , Unified Functional Testing  Which support , Manual and automation testing  Bro that's a job vacancy I'm asking for help only , Lol.. okay. Actually it was not clear ask. So confused  Why did you quit last job? , Now currently looking to change better growth of mind as well as learn new concept,new technology  What is your current and expectatiom , My current CTC is 25Lpa  Hi Sri
Manual Api or automation api
Can you confirm once , Both  Bro do u have any vacancy for freshers , I will let u know  Could you please share resume , I don't have resume  What about Overriding and overloading , oops concepts.
i forgot  Which company? , Hi Saranya, The requirement is for Tech M  Please email your resume , Okay ma'am  Hi  ihave  3year experience  in Manual Testing .there any vacancy , Hi Hareesha, Currently we don't have requirements for Manual Tester roles.  Sent, please check inbox, Thank you. , Hi Mahesh CognitivZen is located in Hyderabad can you relocate as it is an work in office option  which domain project , Its a e-commerce project  Please suggest me tomorrow I have interview with veeva systems , I'm really sorry for not responding on time.
Hope your interview went well.  Location please , Bengaluru  Fresher manual testing refer me please , Ya sure  Msg me bro please , Present we didn't have freshers openings  Can i know only api testing fees....I already have experience in manual , The testing academy channel on YouTube going to start Course from first beginners for Api Testing  Yes you can use it.
In its test section add your methods , And more cool thing if you integrate it with newman  In which company u are currently bro , Keyutech  Which tool , selenium , testng  Where u learned manual testing ? Do we require prog & coding ?? To learn manual testing ? , TechRel Institute Pune  Bro please refer me please 🥺🥺 , Currently we don't have any opening for fresher  How many years of experience u have , I have six months internship but I'have no experience sir  How many years of experience u have , Can I  send you my cv sir  I provide online support . Please let me know if you need , I need offline.  I provide online support . Please let me know if you need , Can I get support on aws devops  Can I get support on aws devops , I support on Azure stack but not on AWS . Sorry  But for every test scenario we can not do authentication right , That depends on your project, if u dont want authenticate then u should use cookies and session token  Please share mail id to forward cv , am looking for a job  Intrested, please check your Gmail I share my resume. , Sure..HR will contact you 👍  Which location? , I am ok with Hyderabad , Chennai  I am from Andhra Pradesh can give support , ['Hello friends I am done ', {'type': 'link', 'text': 'b.tech'}, ' in 2019 I have learnt manual testing course I am looking for job in fresher position location Chennai Bangalore Hyderabad anyone knows reference please message me']  Company name please , Accenture  Yes
But only looking for candidates who are from Bangalore location , I am from hebbal location in bangalore mam  How to attend , Through online  Hello I want job in it
Please assist , I am also in job search  How much price , its your wish first i want to see your project and understaand once then wil see  What about boys , For males we can provide  but more n more opportunities  for females only  in testing..  Which location? , Pune  Which location , Kakinada or vizag  Selenium with java?? , Yes  Generally we have  to automate with Java , python, javascript , Better to know all three for better career and opportunities  Can provide online support , I needed only offline  I have experience in manual Testing and API testing can i forward my resume , Java+devops is a must  Do you know any who teach real time training? , Yes I do.  Can provide online , Looking for only offline in Hyderabad location  His course is good .you can try , Okay!  In which location u r in hyderabad.? , Kukatpally  Selenium with java. , Yes  Can u give support , Yes  Can provide online , I need offline.  Yes,we can , Location  Need one to one support for BDD with Python , Location HYD  Can I know your location bro? , Pune  how much exp u have? , 3.4 in manual, api through postman  Can you share your CV with me , Yes sir  Can u provide proxy,pls respond!! , Hi... Will provide  Which background it is btech or degree , btech bca mca  Who is he , Nifty  For which location? , Sr in hyderabad  I want SQL full video , Dm for info  How u sure about them , Yes  How u sure about them , Even I paid also  Which tool? , Manual and automation testing with selenium bdd  On which domain , Manual and automation testing  Do u have for fresher

I completed java, sql, manual and automation testing , Dm mr  Manual testing , Automation Testing using selenium java ,  manual api Testing and automation , Send cv  What's ur skills , Manual testing ,
API testing
Database testing 
Mainframes testing  Can provide online for Hyderabad location , No I need offline support  I appred interview for sapeint do u knw when they will call hack , You can ask to HR Right  You can ask to HR Right , Yeah but is it alright to call her again  How much amount cost you , 20k  What help!! , In writting descriptive program  Mam you can suggest best for your choice , I already mentioned above Ishana. I work on UFT, so best is ALM. But Google can help best  Which interview bro , Interviews for Automation testing using selenium with java  Hlo mam,
Currently I m searching of job regarding sql , automation....
I have complete knowledge , Your from  Can i get u r number , Yes  Your immediate joiner? I can refer u in my company but that is Delhi , Yes ready to relocate  Python or Java? , Java  Simple python program 

Print("Hello Wolrd") , MsgBox " I am VbScript "  Is it hot fix or spot fix??? , Hot fix sorry  zero coding ah , how it possible , automation is full of coding only , Tosca is zero coding ryt!!  Guys can someone help me with this , Check ur server side...may be build is not deployed or End point u r hitting is not on the server  Why do you want to resign? , Got better offer  May I know which tool you used for automation ? , selenium  so what , It was kind of thnx  He left the group.. let's see where he joins next , Ummmm  Can you do it ? , Yes  I have basic knowledge in manual testing can i apply ?? , Hii  3 plus years experienced candidate eligible ? , You can apply for a above role  Which location , Banglore  Can be conducted only on weekends , I can take only mock interviews. I don't have time to take classes  Which  profile , Hii  Which location , Hyderabad  Which location , In banglore, pune, mumbai  Where from you , Bangalore  Where , hyderabad , banglore  Java Selinum , Yes  Currently in which company he is working? , Cyber tech solution, Pune  Search free courses on udemy u can enroll free one , Tqq  How much it costs , 25k  Sry! It was my mistake bro , np. Chill  Selenium Java in visual studio code environment , Will check and let you know 